# ML-228: MANUAL Provide Site Name

## User Story

**AS** an applicant  
**I WANT** to provide a name for each site within my marine project  
**SO THAT** I can easily refer to it later on

## Background

When the user has multiple sites in their notification, we will allow them to enter a name for each site, to help them differentiate.

## Resources

- Link to "Site name" page in multiple sites v2 prototype
- Link to data dictionary

## Out of Scope

This story does not cover the navigation to the next page in the journey flow

This story does not cover the survey and other links in the header

This story does not cover the links in the footer

## Questions and Answers

**Q.** How many characters should be allowed for the site name?

**A.** We will start with 250 characters, the same as the project name. If this is too much then we can reduce later.

**Q.** Do we need to validate that the site name is unique?

**A.** Each site has a unique number ("Site 1", "Site 2" etc, so the site name being unique isn't necessarily a huge problem. A separate ticket will be created in the backlog to cover this if it becomes a problem during private beta.

## Screenshots

### Screenshot 1: Site Name Page

**Page layout showing:**

- Standard GOV.UK header with crown logo and "GOV.UK" branding
- Blue service header containing "Get permission for marine work" as the service name
- Navigation area on the right side of the service header containing "Projects", "Defra account", and "Sign out" links
- Beta banner with blue background stating "This is a new service. Help us improve it and give your feedback (opens in new tab)." with an underlined feedback link
- Back link (with left arrow) for navigation to return to the previous page
- "South coast sea samples" displayed as the project name caption above the main heading
- "Site 1" displayed as the site identifier beneath the project name caption
- "Site name" as the main H1 heading in large, bold text
- Large rectangular text input field with black border, currently empty and ready for user input
- "Continue" button with green background positioned below the input field
- "Cancel" link in blue text positioned to the right of the Continue button
- Clean, minimal page layout following GOV.UK design system patterns

## Acceptance Criteria

### AC1 - Display "Site name" page

**GIVEN** I am adding a site to my notification via the manual entry route  
**AND** I selected the "Yes" radio button on the "Do you need to tell us about more than one site?" page (see https://eaflood.atlassian.net/browse/ML-227)  
**WHEN** I select the "Continue" button on that page  
**THEN** the "Site name" page is displayed as per the prototype:

- the project name is displayed in the page caption
- the site number e.g. "Site 1" is displayed beneath the page caption

### AC2 - Validate site name

**GIVEN** I am viewing the "Site name" page  
**WHEN** I select the "Continue" button  
**THEN** the following validation will be performed on the "Site name" field:

- **Mandatory field** - if the field is not populated, error: "Enter the site name"
- **Max field length** - if the field contains over 250 characters, error: "Site name should be 250 characters or less"

### AC3 - Save site name

**GIVEN** I am viewing the "Site name" page  
**AND** I have provided a project name which will pass the validation defined in the previous AC  
**WHEN** I select the "Continue" button  
**THEN** site name will be saved against the site which is currently being added  
**AND** I am taken to the next page in the flow (depends on if dates and descriptions are skipped)

### AC4 - Cancel

**GIVEN** I am viewing the "Site name" page  
**WHEN** I select the "Cancel" option  
**THEN** I am returned to the task list:

- the status of the task will not be updated
- any answers that I have provided so far will be discarded

### AC5 - Back

**GIVEN** I am viewing the "Site name" page  
**WHEN** I select the "Back" option  
**THEN** I am taken to the previous page in the flow i.e. the "Do you need to tell us about more than one site?" page (see https://eaflood.atlassian.net/browse/ML-227)

## Standard Behaviour

**"Back" link** - when I select the "Back" link (if present), I will be returned to the page I was on immediately prior to the current page. Any changes I made on the current page will be discarded.

**"Cancel" link** - when I select the "Cancel" link (if present) I will be returned to the task list. Any changes I made on the current page will be discarded.

**Displaying validation errors** - if any validation errors are triggered, they will be displayed in standard GDS format i.e. [error summary](https://design-system.service.gov.uk/components/error-summary/) at the top of the page, and [error message](https://design-system.service.gov.uk/components/error-message/) against the specific item that triggered the error. The wording of error messages should be verified against the data dictionary.
