# ML-421: MANUAL - Provide Activity Description for Manual Entry Sites

## User Story

**AS** an applicant  
**I WANT** to re-use the same activity description for all my manual entry sites where appropriate  
**SO THAT** I do not have to keep re-entering the same description

## Background

As part of the multiple sites work, it may be necessary for the applicant to provide a description for each site they manually enter for their notification. Previously, the user only had to provide a description for the notification as a whole. Under https://eaflood.atlassian.net/browse/ML-114, the user is able to choose whether all of their sites should have the same description (i.e. re-use the same description), or whether they want to enter a separate description for each site. This story allows the entry of the description itself.

Note that if the user says that the descriptions should all be the same, then the description entered on this page will be applied to all sites. However, if they say that the descriptions should be different, the description entered on this page will only be applied to the current site.

Note that the logic around re-using the description is slightly different for uploaded sites, so that is covered under a separate story.

## Resources

- Link to "Activity description" page in multiple sites prototype v2 (MANUAL ENTRY VERSION). Description the same for all sites.
- Link to "Activity description" page in multiple sites prototype v2 (MANUAL ENTRY VERSION). Description is different for each site.

## Out of Scope

- Logic around asking for descriptions for uploaded sites is covered under a separate story (see https://eaflood.atlassian.net/browse/ML-76)
- Navigation to the next page in the flow will be covered by a separate story
- This story does not cover the survey link and other links in the header
- This story does not cover the links in the footer

## Questions and Answers

TBC

## Screenshots

### Screenshot 1: Activity Description Page Without Site Number (Description Same for All Sites)

**Page layout showing:**

- Standard GOV.UK header with crown logo and "GOV.UK" branding
- Blue service header containing "Get permission for marine work" as the service name
- Navigation area on the right side of the service header containing "Projects", "Defra account", and "Sign out" links
- Beta banner with blue background stating "This is a new service. Help us improve it and give your feedback (opens in new tab)." with an underlined feedback link
- Back link (with left arrow) for navigation to return to the previous page
- "South coast sea samples" displayed as the project name caption above the main heading
- "Activity description" as the main H1 heading in large, bold text
- Guidance text explaining the activity description requirements: "Briefly describe what you'll do at this site, how you'll do it, and why."
- Example text: "For example, 'Collect a 0.1 cubic metre seabed sample by day grab from a workboat for particle size analysis'."
- Large rectangular textarea field with black border, currently empty and ready for user input
- "Continue" button with green background positioned below the textarea
- "Cancel" link in blue text positioned to the right of the Continue button
- Standard GOV.UK footer with licensing and regulatory information

### Screenshot 2: Activity Description Page With Site Number (Description Different for Each Site)

**Page layout showing:**

- Standard GOV.UK header with crown logo and "GOV.UK" branding
- Blue service header containing "Get permission for marine work" as the service name
- Navigation area on the right side of the service header containing "Projects", "Defra account", and "Sign out" links
- Beta banner with blue background stating "This is a new service. Help us improve it and give your feedback (opens in new tab)." with an underlined feedback link
- Back link (with left arrow) for navigation to return to the previous page
- "South coast sea samples" displayed as the project name caption above the main heading
- "Site 1" displayed above the main heading to indicate the specific site being described
- "Activity description" as the main H1 heading in large, bold text
- Guidance text explaining the activity description requirements: "Briefly describe what you'll do at this site, how you'll do it, and why."
- Example text: "For example, 'Collect a 0.1 cubic metre seabed sample by day grab from a workboat for particle size analysis'."
- Large rectangular textarea field with black border, currently empty and ready for user input
- "Continue" button with green background positioned below the textarea
- "Cancel" link in blue text positioned to the right of the Continue button
- Standard GOV.UK footer with licensing and regulatory information

## Acceptance Criteria

### AC1 - Display page

**GIVEN** I am providing more than one site via manual entry  
**WHEN** I select the "Continue" button on the "Is the activity description the same for every site?" page  
**THEN** I will be taken to the "Activity description" page to enter the description for the sites

### AC2 - Page behaviour

**GIVEN** I am viewing the "Activity description" page (as per the previous AC)  
**WHEN** the page is loaded  
**THEN** the page appears and behaves as per the prototype:

- the project name will appear as the page caption
- the textbox will be blank by default
- the page will have the following minor changes from the page built for https://eaflood.atlassian.net/browse/ML-11:
  - If the user has indicated that the sites have different descriptions, the site number e.g. "Site 1" will be displayed above the page heading (see prototype). This is not displayed if all sites will have the same description.
  - The paragraph text has changed/expanded (and is formatted as paragraph text rather than hint text). Note that the text is different depending on whether the descriptions are all the same or not.
  - Call to action is "Continue" rather than "Save and continue"
- the field-level validation will continue to apply as per https://eaflood.atlassian.net/browse/ML-11

**NOTE** - this page has already been built under and is currently being accessed directly from the task list at a 'notification' level. We are re-using the same page, with the same validation, but with the description being specific to the site. There are minor changes to the content on the page, but the behaviour is the same

### AC3 - Continue

**GIVEN** I am viewing the "Activity description" page (as per previous ACs)  
**AND** I have provided a description which pass the validation on the page  
**WHEN** I select the "Continue" button  
**THEN** I will be taken to the "How do you want to enter the site coordinates?" page (existing page where I will be able to choose between entering a circular site and a polygon site)

### AC4 - Cancel

**GIVEN** I am viewing the "Activity description" page (as per previous ACs)  
**WHEN** I select the "Cancel" option  
**THEN** I am returned to the task list:

- the status of the task will not be updated
- any answers that I have provided so far will be discarded

### AC5 - Back

**GIVEN** I am viewing the "Activity description" page (as per previous ACs)  
**WHEN** I select the "Back" option  
**THEN** I am taken to the previous page in the flow i.e. the "Are the activity descriptions the same for every site?" page  
**AND** my previous answer is defaulted into the page

## Standard Behaviour

**"Back" link** - when I select the "Back" link (if present), I will be returned to the page I was on immediately prior to the current page. Any changes I made on the current page will be discarded.

**"Cancel" link** - when I select the "Cancel" link (if present) I will be returned to the task list. Any changes I made on the current page will be discarded.

**Displaying validation errors** - if any validation errors are triggered, they will be displayed in standard GDS format i.e. [error summary](https://design-system.service.gov.uk/components/error-summary/) at the top of the page, and [error message](https://design-system.service.gov.uk/components/error-message/) against the specific item that triggered the error. The wording of error messages should be verified against the data dictionary.
